I would like to build a multi-tenant headless CMS for quickly creating admin panel for internal tools. The old workflow used to be creating a new app based on some vue & spring boot template, along with an initialized database, containing the frontend and backend for some basic user management, RBAC, and permission systems. Project specific requirements are implemented by adding custom pages to the frontend, api routes to the backend and tables to the database. However, I would like to unify these into a single framework based on nuxt, using a document based approach supported by a postgresql table with JSONB column for storage.

Most of these project specific requirements are nothing more than CRUD operations on some tables, syncing/uploading the table with some remote/microservice, buttons to invoke some actions based on rows of the tables. However business logic can get hairy at times, and when written with spring boots + mybastis, the sql queries can get quite complicated with a lot of JOINs.

I would like to design the system in a way that allows business logic to be quickly written, providing a single interface for fetching/mutating/deleting data while still giving the user of the framework the abilities to do somewhat complex queries when needed. Also the data schema layer and the ui schema layer should separate so that the user can either use the internal schema based ui or create their own vue pages when necessary. For the initial MVP stage, focus on the data layer only.
